LICENSE
LICENSE.md
README.md
__init__.py
setup.py
skill.json
version.py
locale/ca-es/IP.voc
locale/ca-es/dot.dialog
locale/ca-es/my address is.dialog
locale/ca-es/my address on X is Y.dialog
locale/ca-es/no network connection.dialog
locale/ca-es/query.voc
locale/cs-cz/IP.voc
locale/cs-cz/dot.dialog
locale/cs-cz/my address is.dialog
locale/cs-cz/my address on X is Y.dialog
locale/cs-cz/no network connection.dialog
locale/cs-cz/query.voc
locale/de-de/IP.voc
locale/de-de/dot.dialog
locale/de-de/my address is.dialog
locale/de-de/my address on X is Y.dialog
locale/de-de/no network connection.dialog
locale/de-de/query.voc
locale/en-us/IP.voc
locale/en-us/dot.dialog
locale/en-us/my address is.dialog
locale/en-us/my address on X is Y.dialog
locale/en-us/no network connection.dialog
locale/en-us/public.voc
locale/en-us/query.voc
locale/en-us/word_local.dialog
locale/en-us/word_public.dialog
locale/es-es/IP.voc
locale/es-es/dot.dialog
locale/es-es/my address is.dialog
locale/es-es/my address on X is Y.dialog
locale/es-es/no network connection.dialog
locale/es-es/query.voc
locale/eu-eu/IP.voc
locale/eu-eu/dot.dialog
locale/eu-eu/my address is.dialog
locale/eu-eu/my address on X is Y.dialog
locale/eu-eu/no network connection.dialog
locale/eu-eu/query.voc
locale/it-it/IP.voc
locale/it-it/dot.dialog
locale/it-it/my address is.dialog
locale/it-it/my address on X is Y.dialog
locale/it-it/no network connection.dialog
locale/it-it/query.voc
locale/pl-pl/IP.voc
locale/pl-pl/dot.dialog
locale/pl-pl/my address is.dialog
locale/pl-pl/my address on X is Y.dialog
locale/pl-pl/no network connection.dialog
locale/pl-pl/query.voc
locale/pt-br/IP.voc
locale/pt-br/dot.dialog
locale/pt-br/my address is.dialog
locale/pt-br/my address on X is Y.dialog
locale/pt-br/no network connection.dialog
locale/pt-br/query.voc
locale/sv-se/IP.voc
locale/sv-se/dot.dialog
locale/sv-se/my address is.dialog
locale/sv-se/my address on X is Y.dialog
locale/sv-se/no network connection.dialog
locale/sv-se/query.voc
locale/uk-ua/IP.voc
locale/uk-ua/dot.dialog
locale/uk-ua/ethernet.connection.dialog
locale/uk-ua/last digits device.dialog
locale/uk-ua/last digits.dialog
locale/uk-ua/my address is.dialog
locale/uk-ua/my address on X is Y.dialog
locale/uk-ua/no network connection.dialog
locale/uk-ua/public.voc
locale/uk-ua/query.voc
locale/uk-ua/word_local.dialog
locale/uk-ua/word_public.dialog
neon_skill_ip_address.egg-info/PKG-INFO
neon_skill_ip_address.egg-info/SOURCES.txt
neon_skill_ip_address.egg-info/dependency_links.txt
neon_skill_ip_address.egg-info/entry_points.txt
neon_skill_ip_address.egg-info/requires.txt
neon_skill_ip_address.egg-info/top_level.txt
test/test_skill.py
ui/qmldir